hi I'm Matt scre from Markos kitchen
I run Japanese cooking classes and
catering in London I'm going to show you
how to make a miso soup first of all
you're going to make a dashi stock so
let me explain about ingredients for
making a dashi stock so this is kombu is
a kelp you can see some white bits on
the surface it's not dust or any mold
anything just them it came up the
minerals came out of kombu and then are
we going to use it for just soaking them
in a water half now put the kombu in the
water cold water no heat just I'll leave
it on for half an hour so now you see
the kombu start swelling up and then we
start boiling with high heat better you
don't boil the kombu the kombu gets
slimy and then a bitter flavor go to the
water so just stand before it start
boiling we take the combo out okay so in
the meantime we got some what calm is
sea read so we soak or comment in the
water for 10 minutes to reconstitute for
for the miso soup we're going to have
another ingredients so what comment and
tofu dice tofu so when it's just before
its start boiling take the condo out so
kombu it's just yet so swollen up and
then becomes bit more slimy so put it
away and when it start boiling reduce
the heat then we put cuts over che okay
it's a handful of cuts off she going to
the kombu dashi stock
you just simmer only two minutes after 2
minutes infusing the flavor of the
katashi to the water we strain the dashi
stock now we have dashi stock kombu and
cut so she does she stuck here and will
comment it's been reconstituted so you
see quite nice green color of the
becoming so we just strain a water so
now the dashi stock start boiling then
we aren't tofu to heat it up and the
last thing just some dissolving the
missile in the stock suit by using this
tool so 1 tablespoon about this much for
one portion of 200 hundred milliliter of
the dashi stock or stock soup so we have
about 4 tablespoons of missile dissolve
another she stock
okay so now you see the grains of soya
beans and then a miso paste dissolved in
the dashi stock okay so after you
dissolve the miso in a dashi stock
you're not going to boil this miso soup
the other wiser flavor will be gone so
after you add miso turn the heat off
then serve so we're coming we don't cook
the put a quick double comment it's just
keep preserve the color of nice green
color so you put in the miso soup cup
then pour the soup and tofu into the cup
and then sprinkle some chives on top
okay so that's how to make Japanese miso
soup